welcome to the clinton school we are six
through 12. we have been thinking a lot
about how we support students over that
course of seven years so not every
middle school and the upper grades
program but really having that ability
to support students and then think
critically about how we support students
over a seven year span when they're
coming in as 11 year olds and leaving us
18 year olds is something that feels
really special in a new york city public
school over that time we've been able to
hire and attract staff that have two
attributes they're kind and they're
competent so not everybody wants to work
we've been we've had a lot of success in
attracting a staff and building a
culture where people do and that's
something that's been super important to
our growth three thinking a little bit
just about this beautiful building and
our location so we're a eight story
building located off between fifth
avenue and union square full of modern
wi-fi technology there's tremendous
we even have working elevators and
lockers which are rare for a public
school in new york city and then fourth
we're an international baccalaureate
world school and so we offer the ib
program to all 11th and 12th graders so
there's no application process we don't
track in any way students who come in
complete the regents by the end of 10th
and then they move on to ib courses in
11th and 12th so not every single
student is going to go for an ib diploma
it's a new york public school so every
student will graduate with the regents
diploma but i think having a model that
really supports a range of learners in
the ib is something that's been super
beneficial to students across the
spectrum at clinton really reflecting
the diversity of new york city